Built a custom Excel dashboard and integrated data from over 10 internal sources which streamlined data
access and tracking for a team of 15 members. This tool reduced workbook completion time by 20-40%, significantly
enhancing team productivity and workflow efficiency.

Features:

Custom Matching Hyperlink Icons to Take You to Desired Location of Workbook

Expanded Pivot Table from Oracle CSV File interactive and altered by the change of client name.

Conditional Formatting Yes/No connected to more than 10 Sharepoint files as client name changes, the answers change based on the matching client name and id.

Added new column next to pivot table to eliminate looking up each sub product, adjusted by index match formula to find matching product group with sharepoint document.

Search feature box that allows you to search within a specific document in sharepoint, giving you several options as long as the word appears, conditional formatting to help you locate duplicates, and locate matching product group.

Smaller pivot tables, to reduce unncessary colunns and only show the items needed to answer required question for those that did not want to use the search feature. Conditional formatting to let you know if a duplicate was found so you would not add in error.

Links that connect and show you if a matching contract exists by client name, number, and type of contract.

Additional links necessary for each section to eliminate confusion.

Email automation and client account owner and email, once link is selected the correct subject line appears for that specific day and sequence.


Tool Solved the Following Problems:


1) Each team member had to pull their own billing reports from Oracle, with this tool this was no longer necessary for them to do. The tool is an empty shell, so the solution was to intergrate everyone's biling report by sprint so anyone on the team could use it for that sprint.

2) No longer have to look up one-by-one every line of coverage to find the correct group for billing items.

3) This immediately answers other questions such as if international was involved without having to look it up.

4) If available, you’ll be able to see the digital version of the agreement information immediately as you change the client name.

5) Have the ability to quickly see which items match already from the agreement and the billing so you don’t add duplicates onto your scope of services

6) A quick look up option for each line of coverage if the product is not available from the billing or the agreement

7) All you have to do is select your client name and everything will populate, including your coverages, your account owner, your email, subject line, and all of the questions that you used to manually have to look up

8) This tool populates your contracts so you can quickly see what type of agreement contract to know how to proceed

9) Includes all your links for every place you need to visit for information, and in the email section where you would update your subject section is prefilled

10) The product search option allows you to find every single keyword that matches what you’re typing and it will immediately tell you if you have a duplicate, it will tell you what the product product line should be for that, it will tell you if nothing could be found and what to do next






